#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.7.5
    # via optuna
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cmd2
    #   visions
autopage==0.4.0
    # via cliff
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
cliff==3.9.0
    # via optuna
cmaes==0.8.2
    # via optuna
cmd2==2.3.0
    # via cliff
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
colorlog==6.6.0
    # via optuna
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
entrypoints==0.3
    # via jupyter-client
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
googledrivedownloader==0.4
    # via torch-geometric
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via tensorboard
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
huggingface-hub==0.1.2
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
imbalanced-learn==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via alembic
ipykernel==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.29.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   pyvis
isodate==0.6.0
    # via rdflib
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   pyvis
    #   torch-geometric
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   nltk
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pynndescent
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpickle==2.0.0
    # via pyvis
jupyter-client==7.0.6
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
mako==1.1.5
    # via alembic
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pandas-profiling
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
missingno==0.5.0
    # via pandas-profiling
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multimethod==1.6
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-client
networkx==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyvis
    #   torch-geometric
    #   visions
nltk==3.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numba==0.54.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmaes
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
optuna==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   torch-geometric
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pbr==5.7.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   stevedore
phik==0.12.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
prettytable==2.4.0
    # via cliff
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
pygments==2.10.0
    # via ipython
pynndescent==0.5.5
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
    #   torch-geometric
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pyreadline3==3.3
    # via cmd2
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyvis==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via imagehash
pywin32==302
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optuna
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
    #   yacs
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via jupyter-client
rdflib==6.0.2
    # via torch-geometric
regex==2021.11.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.46
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   pynndescent
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torch-geometric
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   missingno
    #   optuna
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torch-sparse
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
sentence-transformers==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   imagehash
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via cliff
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
torch==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-geometric==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-scatter==2.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-sparse==0.6.12
    # via -r requirements.in
torchaudio==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.6.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.12.5
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
umap-learn==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via tensorboard
wordcloud==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yacs==0.1.8
    # via torch-geometric
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
